document: Guide App Deskimo  
updated_at:


Table of Contents:
- Deskimo (EN) - Onboarding Deck
- Step-by-Step Guide Deskimo
- Unlock a day pass  
- Purchase day pass  
- Access meeting rooms with Deskimo 
- Redeem a Voucher  
- Bring a Guest  
- Use Case
- Testimonial


Business User Onboarding Guide
Stay productive in between meetings  
Deskimo  
Your remote work solution  
Save all that time and money wasted on commute  
Readily accessible with 70+ locations

Hot desks for focus work time  
1-1 meeting room for private conversation  
2-20 pax meeting room for quality group meeting  
Private Office for team work  
Relaxing lounge in between power hours  
Deskimo  
Your remote work solution package  
Bespoken event spaces: CRM, Product Launch, PR…

Pay As You Go  
You are charged per-minute after using the facility  
All in One mobile APP  
One mobile app with GPS-enabled browsing, booking,  
payment, and all you need to know about each space  
Filter workspaces to find your ideal one  
Sort by the features that matter most to you!  
Deskimo  
Remote working enabled by technology

Step-by-Step Guide
1. Download the app on iOS or Android  
   Remember to leave us a like or review!
2. Activate your Deskimo access  
   Easily set up your account with a few essential details
3. Find your ideal workspace  
   Look for the features that matter most to you by tapping into the location details
4. Select your city and browse workspaces  
   Turn on ‘GPS positioning’, search in map or listings, sorted by nearest to you.

1. Look up the ‘Welcome to Deskimo’ email  
2. Open the email and follow the instructions:  
   a. Download the Deskimo app  
   b. Create your profile with your mobile phone  
   c. Activate with your mobile number provided, OR  
   d. In case you haven’t provided a mobile number to Deskimo:  
      Head to Profile > Payment Methods > Add Payment Methods >  
      Enterprise Account > enter your unique 8 digit code  
3. You now have access to your company’s Deskimo Business account!


1. Walk-in to a workspace of your choice  
2. Tap “Check In” to get your QR code to scan upon entry  
3. Sign in to your Deskimo business account (first time only)  
   Ensure you have already set up the payment information  
4. Simply check out the same way you checked in  
   Tap “Check Out” and scan your QR code again


Pay As You Go  
You are charged per-minute after checking in

Unlock a day pass  
Once you hit the Daily Rate cap of the specific workspace,  
you can stay for the rest of the day without paying extra  
Scan to check out when you leave  
You will be charged the Daily Rate instead of hourly rates - a great way to save some extra costs


Purchase day pass  
Book your hot desk in advance. Simply select the date and the location. You’re good to go!  
Check in by scanning the QR code  
Confirm your arrival at the location. Retrieve Wi-Fi and location information on the app. Start working.  
Scan to check out when you leave  
Close your laptop. Check out from the location. Enjoy the rest of your day.  


Access meeting rooms with Deskimo  
1. Tap on “Meeting Room” at the bottom of your app  
2. Enter the date, time and room capacity  
3. Once the date is confirmed, select your requirements  
4. Tap on a meeting room of your choice and book it  
   You’re ready to go!

1. Walk-in to a workspace of your choice  
2. Tap “Check In” to get your QR code to scan upon entry  
3. Simply check out the same way you checked in  
4. Tap “Check Out” and scan your QR code again

Redeem a Voucher  
Add the voucher code as you check out  
Tap “Check Out”, then “Add a voucher code” with the voucher code,  
Go back to the QR code page  
Tap “REDEEM” the selected voucher


Bring a Guest  
1. Pick up the guest at reception  
   Tap “Stay Details”, then ”Check in Guest”  
2. Fill in guest details  
   Enter guest name and scan your QR code for each check-in.  
   Repeat the process if you have more guests.  
3. Check out guest at reception  
   Tap “Check Out Guest” to check out guests one by one,  
   or tap “Check Out All” to check out all guests including yourself, then scan your QR code again  
4. Check out complete  
   You can also see the amount being charged


User Tips - My Profile  
Go to My Profile  
Check for visit history  
Redeem a voucher code  
Friend referral with voucher code


Use Case: Chats and Meetings  
09.00 - 10.00 @WeWork at Tai Koo - Schedule meetings after sending kids to school  
11.00 - 11.45 @Desk-One at Shatin - Meet with a partner before a client meeting  
15.00 - 16.00 @The Hive at Sai Kung - Pitch a proposal to a client in Sai Kung  
19.00 - 20.30 @MyBASE at Tsuen Wan - After-hour team meeting to tweak the proposal


Use Case: In-Between Meetings  
10.30 - 12.00 @Times Square - Sales pitch at a client’s office  
14.30 - 16.00 @Sun Hung Kai Center - Proposal pitching at another client’s office  
16.30 - 18.00 @Garage at Wan Chai - Review the meetings and work on the next steps  
12.30 - 14.00 @V-CO at Causeway Bay - Final touch-up before afternoon’s meeting


Use Case: Presentations  
09.30 - 12.30 - Weekly Team Meeting (20 pax meeting room)  
14.00 - 17.00 - Work on follow-up emails (Hot Desk Area)  
17.00 - 18.00 - Zoom call (Phone Booth)  
12.30 - 14.00 - Team lunch (The L. Place)


Use Case: Projects  
09.00 - 09.45 - Breakfast & Briefing (Lounge Area)  
10.00 - 12.00 - Brainstorming (Cafe Area)  
12.30 - 13.30 - Team Lunch (D2 Place)  
14.00 - 18.00 - Ideas Pitching (Meeting Room)


Testimonial:  
Deskimo has helped us reduce office leasing costs whilst keeping our teams engaged.  
We book weekly meeting rooms, and our teams are able to use hot desks whenever they need.  
This is a much more flexible option vs. traditional co-working spaces.  
We’re continuing to use Deskimo.

How Spenmo has gained flexibility over traditional fixed office costs:  
1. More than 50% of total workforce now utilises Deskimo as a hybrid solution  
2. Meeting rooms booked weekly to ensure teams remain engaged  
3. Saved 40% of fixed office costs after transitioning to Deskimo

Mohandass,  
CEO and Founder

Helpdesk  
indonesia@deskimo.com  
(62) 822 6120 0053  
www.deskimo.com
