document: Anti-Discrimination Policy  
updated_at: 09 September 2024  

Revision History
- VerNo: 001  
- Change Description:  
- Prepared By: Joudri  
- Reviewed By: Evan Tree  
- Approved By: Evan Tree  
- Date: 09 August 2024  

Table of Contents:  
1. Objective  
2. Scope and Applicability   
3. Policy / Process 
   3.1. Policy Statement   
   3.2. Discrimination 
   3.3. Actions to prevent discrimination   
   3.4. Procedures to manage discrimination cases   
4. Special Circumstance and Exception 5  
5. Non-compliance and Consequence 6  
6. Conclusion 6  


1. Objective  
The objective of the anti-discrimination policy is to provide guidelines to prevent discrimination and protect our employees, candidates, customers, and stakeholders from offensive and harmful behaviors. This policy supports our overall commitment to create a safe and secure workplace for everyone.

2. Scope and Applicability  
This policy applies to all employees, visitors, customers, and stakeholders. This policy is owned by the Human Capital Department and reachable to Evan Tree, evan.tree@paper.id.

3. Policy / Process  

   3.1. Policy Statement  
   Discrimination is any negative action, attitude, or polarization directed towards a person or group/s of people because of their individual characteristics or preferences of life. The Company strongly believes that every person has the right to life, survive, compete, earn, and excel in everything they do.

   3.2. Discrimination  
   Discrimination of a person or a group/s of people happens when one person or a group of persons show unreasonable bias to another person or group of persons because of their:
   - Age
   - Religion
   - Caste
   - Ethnicity / nationality
   - Disability / medical history
   - Marriage / civil partnership
   - Pregnancy / maternity / paternity
   - Gender identity / sexual orientation
   - Political affiliations
   - Community
   - Social status

   PT Pakar Digital Global does not tolerate any kind of discrimination that creates a hostile and unpleasant working environment for its employees or recruits.

   3.3. Actions to prevent discrimination  
   To ensure that our conduct and processes are fair and lawful, we:  
   √ Use inclusive language in job ads  
   √ Set formal job-related criteria to hire, promote, and reward team members  
   √ Offer compensation and benefits according to skills, position, seniority, qualifications, and performance  
   √ Create equal employment opportunities  
   √ Conduct regular training on Anti-Discrimination policies and procedures  

   3.4. Procedures to manage discrimination cases  
   Any employee who feels or suspects being consistently discriminated by any employee, including Reporting Manager, may approach HR and discuss the same with them.  
   Any employee who suspects that others are being discriminated against should approach HR.  
   Employees are encouraged to provide any proof or witnesses, if any, of such discrimination such as documents, paintings, cartoons, writings, messages, recordings, posters, images, etc.  
   HR has the responsibility to investigate the issue and determine the outcome of such cases and to take appropriate action.  
   The Company reserves the right to call an accused employee for a hearing and investigations into the allegations.  
   Employees under investigation should not create an even more hostile atmosphere against the accused or victim within or outside of Company premises, but try to understand the spirit of the policy.  

   Employees found to jocularly or sub-consciously indulge in discriminatory activities which can be considered as mild in nature or a one-off incident, will undergo counselling session(s) by HR.  
   Employees found to continue or deliberately discriminate against their colleagues, candidates, recruits, or associates will go through the Company’s disciplinary process resulting in reprimand, demotion, or termination of employment contract, depending on the severity of their offence.

4. Special Circumstance and Exception  
Any deviation to this policy has to be approved by Management. Any change to the policy has to be approved by HR.

5. Non-compliance and Consequence  
Violation of this policy is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

6. Conclusion  
PT Pakar Digital Global is committed to maintaining a workplace that is free from discrimination and harassment, where all individuals are treated with dignity and respect. We encourage open communication and cooperation among all employees to uphold this policy and ensure a positive work environment for everyone.
